ok we are live with our second you to me
weekly inspiration for success lab cast
by Mark isaacson and I'm your host you
can find me the link grade there if you
want to get any of my courses at
discounts you use this code and you can
just use the redeem a coupon as I'm
talking to Jessica in the lab cast here
she'll probably be droppin some links
for you what you need to keep in mind
though is that even though the link
looks normal lab ends this question mark
since 2008 when you go to use the links
they're gonna be appended their install
Jessica drops anything in that actually
has a coupon code and we might actually
work and you may need to clean up the
URL so just keep that in mind that when
you click the links that they don't
the actual reference decades sent into
your browser is not exactly the same as
it is here in the chat with oh so it'll
make more sense to you if you go to use
it in your sees it some unusual things
may happen so I'm relatively new to you
to me I published my first course in
January and I've certainly made my share
of mistakes I don't claim to be an
expert any of this and just the host the
show and I'm talking with people who are
having you know some nice success and
before we actually get started with the
interview I want to just go over a few
the administrative tasks that if you
subscribe to the blad you will get an
email from lab with the link to the
replay
and I'll be putting up all of the
replays for your convenience
on my website to you would be able to
hear later on once I'm glad we did it
taste in their know why there is so you
can find the replay later on my website
will do the questions and answers at the
end of the interview you can post your
questions at any time that you ones but
just to keep the interview flowing will
hold off on answering the questions
until the as in so if you wanted to ask
a question you can use a forward slash
cue and then you ask your question and
it will then highlight that for us in
the window here unfortunately lab has
changed the interface we used to be able
to filter by questions and now we can
only filter by all messages are mentions
made that change but is you ask a
question
proceeding with that ford says Q is
still highlights it for us and will give
us it'll be easier for us to see that in
the stream also once we start the
question-and-answer session I will open
up a seat for people to be about to sit
down and they could ask the question
live if they want to you depending on
how many people we got here and how many
questions you coming in just pleased to
be mindful about Colin you sit in the
seat so that everybody can have their
turn as we're conducting the blad that
you could think to occasionally click on
the tell a little burnt but nets here
because less people we've just gotten a
question here
like this like that that's how it works
we got the forwards last you there that
exile with the questions if you can
occasionally click on beats helped a
little bird button that will send out
your stream and other people know that
we're on the air and can help more
people come on in and join the chat with
us so go ahead and do that occasionally
and let's see I mentioned about this
question mark ready so just know that do
some strange things with some of the
links that just drops in here during the
course of the lab and so speaking of
Jessica I'm really excited to introduce
her to you just ours is a professional
jewelry designer and instructor teaching
students all over the world how to make
beautiful unique jewelry through her
blog jewelry tutorial HQ dot com Jessica
runs a thriving YouTube channel with
over 36,000 subscribers and her first
course
wrapping for beginners is the best
selling jewelry making course you to me
lab cast just tell us about your
jewellery making business business I
started in 2003 43 you the time was
actually on so we can redesign oh i
three editions and freelance work you
know I'm telling you know and recently I
decided that I wanted to start a blog
who teach just got to the point where I
felt like I was working all the time but
still not meeting
wanted to meet and it just wasn't gonna
be possible to me as much money as I
wanted me because there's only so many
hours in the day and you know when I was
I was making decent money but you know I
was working like 16 hours a day and was
hard to meet you take off these days
because the busy season and it just got
to be like really really where I got
hired burned out and I realize I kind of
late by starting my own business I kind
of like the job and so I kind of started
looking into a passive income so that's
not gonna couple years since 2012 I
started looking at ways to overlap my
knowledge and passion
ok so the situation that you ran into
which is something that I think a lot of
people do come to realize at some point
is that sure you had this jewelry
business you were able to sell jewelry
in you were making money you were
successful at it but you're only able to
make so much money because there's only
so many hours in the day and it takes a
certain amount of time to make this
jewelry and you are basically trading
money or time and you find that you just
didn't have enough time to produce the
type of thing we do anything else
besides selling making the jewelry in
selling the jewelry and we be doing
anything else I had a job as a jewelry
designer jewelry business I believe
selling like the supplies is well you
were not only making jewellery that you
sell to people at the jewelry you are
also doing things like sign in the
various equipment in 2008 recently when
I started liking you shop no jury
thinking fines and even some
I kinda started this live shot to go
along with it and I started doing 24
you'll now we feature and supplies that
I had in my shop so you know we need we
need stuff online that's always ask me
did you get that you know what school do
those work so it just made sense to
channel that was only two thousand